Multi unity versions support (#1249)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/knowledge-others/install-unity-version.md

- `2021.3.12f1`
- `2021.3.13f1`
- `2021.3.15f1`
{{< /tab >}}
{{% tab header="2020.X" %}}
- `2020.3.15f2`
- `2020.3.21f1`
- `2020.3.38f1`
- `2020.3.40f1`
- `2020.3.41f1`
{{< /tab >}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

If you can't find your desired Unity version in the list, please contact us [here](https://codemagic.io/contact/).

{{<notebox>}}
**Notes:**
- These versions are the `Unity Editor (macOS x86_64)`, and have only the `macOS`, `Android`, and `iOS` modules.

> - If your app require additional modules then you need to install it using [Unity Hub CLI](./-others/install-unity-version/#unity-installation-script) like this: `/Applications/Unity\ Hub.app/Contents/MacOS/Unity\ Hub -- --headless install-modules --version <UNITY_VERSION> -m windows-mono`, this will install the windows modules for the spesfied `<UNITY_VERSION>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your app requires additional modules then you need to install it using [Unity Hub CLI](./-others/install-unity-version/#unity-installation-script) like this: `/Applications/Unity\ Hub.app/Contents/MacOS/Unity\ Hub -- --headless install-modules --version <UNITY_VERSION> -m windows-mono`, this will install the windows modules for the specified` <UNITY_VERSION>`.
```
